Every day is Friday when you’re unemployed.
It's always darkest just before it goes totally black.
What a nice night for an evening.
Caffeine: A crystalline compound that is responsible for college students surviving finals.
People say that I’m creative and I couldn’t agree more because I create most of my own problems.
I question my sanity a lot of times. Every now and then, it replies.
Studies show that people who have the most birthdays live the longest.
If you’re not supposed to eat at night, then why is there a light bulb in the fridge?
I’m glad I don’t have to hunt for my own food. I have no idea where sandwiches live.
Insomnia sharpens your math skills because you spend all night calculating how much sleep you’ll get if you’re able to ‘fall asleep right now.
Don’t worry about the world coming to an end today. It is already tomorrow in Australia
If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito.
Working hard or hardly workin?
The best way to a man's heart is: Through his fourth and fifth ribs.
I was in a liquor store the other day and the cashier said "Do you need help?": And I was like "Yeah, probably, but I'm just here for some vodka instead."
When it's all sunny outside but super cold: That's just the real life version of clickbait.
Did you hear the one about the three holes in the ground? Well, well, well.
They told me I had a problem and needed to go to rehab. But I say, rehab's for quitters and mama didn't raise no quitter.
What do you call a dog that can do magic? A Lab-racadabra-dor.
A book fell on my head today... I have only my shelf to blame.
I saw an old man getting jumped by three guys today, so I decided to help and sprung into action. That geezer didn't stand a chance against the 4 of us.
I was gonna tell a cow joke... But it's pasture bed time.
Yknow what fruit is awesome? Grapes. They're constantly raisin the bar.
Do you want to know, briefly, what an acorn is? Well, in a nutshell, it's an oak tree.
If you step on a person's foot, they open their mouths. Just like a trash can.
Wanna hear something cool about science? You would. Nerd.
Why did the blind man fall into the well? He couldn't see that well.
What did the car say when it crashed? That was wheely unfortunate.
Did you hear about the guy who invented a wooden stick that lights on fire in the afterlife? Yeah! He said it's a match made in heaven!
The irony of metal jokes is pretty fun. It does lead to a lot of steeling though.
Did you hear about that new dating site for roofs? The tag line is "Hot shingles in your area waiting to get nailed"
What animal should you have an army of? Octopi! They are always well armed.
"I became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity." - Edgar Allan Poe
Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat.
